README.md, before:

# Shotgun Developer Day 2018 Resources

## What is Shotgun Developer Day?
A day of classes for people interested in developing custom solutions with Shotgun.
Attendees will learn how to use Shotgun’s advanced features to automate common tasks and
make tool development easier.

## What is this repository?
This repository contains all resources presented at the Shotgun Developer Day 
at SIGGRAPH 2018. This includes all of the following:

* Presentations from each session as PDFs
* Code and configuration samples as used in each presentation
* Links to videos and documentation relevant to each presentation

## Sessions

### Session 1: Introduction to Shotgun Development
**Description**: An introduction to Shotgun development and the various APIs and integrations 
that are available.

**What you will learn from this session:**
* what APIs and integrations are available on the Shotgun Platform
* which technology is right for a given production scenario
* how to query/find data using Shotgun's filter syntax
* how to use the Shotgun Python, REST APIs, Action Menu Items, and Event Daemon

### Session 2: Toolkit Administration
**Description**: Learn how to take over our integrations and make them do what you want. Out of 
the box our integrations with products like Maya, Nuke, Houdini, and Photoshop 
allow for basic software launching and file sharing, but their true power is 
unleashed once you take control of the configuration and provide a custom 
directory structure and hooks to automate more of the data flow in your studio.

**What you will learn from this session:**
* how Shotgun Desktop works and what is available via the basic pipeline integrations
* how to take over a configuration and customize app UIs and configuration settings 
* how to take over and customize hooks and actions

### Session 3: Advanced Shotgun Development
**Description**: Learn how to control how our integrations behave and harness the power of our 
Toolkit platform to make building a pipeline easier.

**What you will learn from this session:**
* how to develop, package up, and distribute toolkit configurations to a remote user base
* how to develop and distribute custom toolkit apps 
* how to leverage the standard toolkit frameworks for UI and data management
* what the Autodesk Forge ecosystem is and how it can be used with Shotgun

Materials for each session can be found in the corresponding folders in this 
repository.

If you have any questions, please contact support@shotgunsoftware.com.

Commit message:

Added a link to recordings playlist on Youtube

README.md, after:

# Shotgun Developer Day 2018 Resources

## What is Shotgun Developer Day?
A day of classes for people interested in developing custom solutions with Shotgun.
Attendees will learn how to use Shotgun’s advanced features to automate common tasks and
make tool development easier. Recordings of all of the Developer Day courses can be 
found in [this playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QP44cM51aEY&list=PLEOzU2tEw33r4yfX7_WD7anyKrsDpQY2d).

## What is this repository?
This repository contains all resources presented at the Shotgun Developer Day 
at SIGGRAPH 2018. This includes all of the following:

* Presentations from each session as PDFs
* Code and configuration samples as used in each presentation
* Links to videos and documentation relevant to each presentation

## Sessions

### Session 1: Introduction to Shotgun Development
**Description**: An introduction to Shotgun development and the various APIs and integrations 
that are available.

**What you will learn from this session:**
* what APIs and integrations are available on the Shotgun Platform
* which technology is right for a given production scenario
* how to query/find data using Shotgun's filter syntax
* how to use the Shotgun Python, REST APIs, Action Menu Items, and Event Daemon

### Session 2: Toolkit Administration
**Description**: Learn how to take over our integrations and make them do what you want. Out of 
the box our integrations with products like Maya, Nuke, Houdini, and Photoshop 
allow for basic software launching and file sharing, but their true power is 
unleashed once you take control of the configuration and provide a custom 
directory structure and hooks to automate more of the data flow in your studio.

**What you will learn from this session:**
* how Shotgun Desktop works and what is available via the basic pipeline integrations
* how to take over a configuration and customize app UIs and configuration settings 
* how to take over and customize hooks and actions

### Session 3: Advanced Shotgun Development
**Description**: Learn how to control how our integrations behave and harness the power of our 
Toolkit platform to make building a pipeline easier.

**What you will learn from this session:**
* how to develop, package up, and distribute toolkit configurations to a remote user base
* how to develop and distribute custom toolkit apps 
* how to leverage the standard toolkit frameworks for UI and data management
* what the Autodesk Forge ecosystem is and how it can be used with Shotgun

Materials for each session can be found in the corresponding folders in this 
repository.

If you have any questions, please contact support@shotgunsoftware.com.
